[docs] Update unit testing guide (#36292)
expo/expo: docs/pages/develop/unit-testing.mdx

You will also use the [`jest-expo`](https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/jest-expo) library, which is a Jest preset that mocks the native part of the Expo SDK and handles most of the configuration required for your Expo project.

> > **info** **Note:** While unit testing is a useful practice for library development, you might not need it for your app since unit tests on rendering aren't useful. See configuring [E2E tests with Maestro](/eas/workflows/reference/e2e-tests/) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

i would move this to a section about snapshot tests instead

</Tabs>

> > **warning** **Deprecated:** For **SDK 52 and below**, if you are using the default Expo template, after installing this library, you can uninstall the `react-test-renderer` and `@types/react-test-renderer` from your project's dev dependencies. The `react-test-renderer` has been deprecated and will no longer be maintained in the React 19 and above. See [React's documentation for more information](https://react.dev/warnings/react-test-renderer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **warning** **Deprecated:** For **SDK 52 and below**, if you are using the default Expo template, you can uninstall the `react-test-renderer` and `@types/react-test-renderer` from your project's `devDependencies`. The `react-test-renderer` library has been deprecated and will no longer be maintained in the React 19 and above. See [React's documentation for more information](https://react.dev/warnings/react-test-renderer).
```

it's not clear to me what we're trying to say here. can we try rewording this? why does it apply only to the default expo template? also, does this message not apply to sdk 53 also? (re: react-test-render being deprecated). it could maybe read something like

> `@testing-library/react-native` replaces the deprecated` react-test-renderer`, because `react-test-renderer` will not support React 19 and above. Remove the deprecated library from your project if you are currently using it. See [React's documentation for more information](https://react.dev/warnings/react-test-renderer).

Author: Previously, this was only applicable for default template because only default template included this library as part of its dependencies. Also, the previous version of the message would not apply because the context we were talking about was in relation to Expo default template.

However, I see your point and agree that we should update this deprecation message for all Expo apps, regardless of how the project was created. I've updated the callout as per your suggestion.

## Snapshot test

> > **info** **Note:** While unit testing is a useful practice for library development, you might not need it for your app since unit tests on rendering aren't useful. See configuring [E2E tests with Maestro](/eas/workflows/reference/e2e-tests/) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **info** **Note:** We recommend using end-to-end tests instead of snapshot unit tests to test your UI. See the [E2E tests with Maestro](/eas/workflows/reference/e2e-tests/) guide.
```

Reviewer: i think the library development bit isn't so relevant, so let's just focus on the fact that we recommend e2e instead of snapshots for ui testing

Author: Thanks for adding clarification!
